# cyral_access_token_settings (Data Source)

Retrieves the access token settings. See also the resource [`cyral_access_token_settings`](../resources/access_token_settings.md).

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "cyral_access_token_settings" "token_settings" {}

output "max_validity" {
  value = data.cyral_access_token_settings.token_settings.max_validity
}

output "default_validity" {
  value = data.cyral_access_token_settings.token_settings.default_validity
}

output "max_number_of_tokens_per_user" {
  value = data.cyral_access_token_settings.token_settings.max_number_of_tokens_per_user
}

output "offline_token_validation" {
  value = data.cyral_access_token_settings.token_settings.offline_token_validation
}

output "token_length" {
  value = data.cyral_access_token_settings.token_settings.token_length
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->

## Schema

### Read-Only

-   `default_validity` (String) The default duration used for access token validity. Defaults to `36000s`. Should follow the protobuf duration string format, which corresponds to a sequence of decimal numbers suffixed by a 's' at the end, representing the duration in seconds. For example: `300s`, `60s`, `10.50s`, etc.
-   `id` (String) The data source identifier. It's set as `settings/access_token`.
-   `max_number_of_tokens_per_user` (Number) The maximum number of access tokens that a user can have at the same time. Must be between `1` and `5` (inclusive). Defaults to `3`.
-   `max_validity` (String) The maximum duration that a user can request for access token validity. Defaults to `36000s`. Should follow the protobuf duration string format, which corresponds to a sequence of decimal numbers suffixed by a 's' at the end, representing the duration in seconds. For example: `300s`, `60s`, `10.50s`, etc.
-   `offline_token_validation` (Boolean) The configuration that determines if the sidecar should perform access token validation independently using cached token values. If this is `true`, the sidecar will be able to validate and authenticate database access even when it cannot reach the Control Plane. Defaults to `true`.
-   `token_length` (Number) The number of characters of the access token plaintext value. Valid values are `8`, `12` and `16`. Defaults to `16`.
