---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "cyral_policy_v2 Data Source - terraform-provider-cyral"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
    This data source provides information about a policy.
---

# cyral_policy_v2 (Data Source)

This data source provides information about a policy.

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->

## Schema

### Required

-   `id` (String) Identifier for the policy, unique within the policy type.
-   `type` (String) Type of the policy, one of [`local`, `global`, `approval`]

### Optional

-   `created` (Map of String) Information about when and by whom the policy was created.
-   `last_updated` (Map of String) Information about when and by whom the policy was last updated.

### Read-Only

-   `description` (String) Description of the policy.
-   `document` (String) The actual policy document in JSON format. It must conform to the schema for the policy type.
-   `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates if the policy is enabled.
-   `enforced` (Boolean) Indicates if the policy is enforced. If not enforced, no action is taken based on the policy, but alerts are triggered for violations.
-   `name` (String) Name of the policy.
-   `scope` (List of Object) Scope of the policy. If empty or omitted, all repositories are in scope. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--scope))
-   `tags` (List of String) Tags associated with the policy for categorization.
-   `valid_from` (String) Time when the policy comes into effect. If omitted, the policy is in effect immediately.
-   `valid_until` (String) Time after which the policy is no longer in effect. If omitted, the policy is in effect indefinitely.

<a id="nestedatt--scope"></a>

### Nested Schema for `scope`

Read-Only:

-   `repo_ids` (List of String)
