---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "cyral_saml_configuration Data Source - cyral"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Parses a SAML metadata URL or a Base64 document into a SAML configuration.
---

# cyral_saml_configuration (Data Source)

Parses a SAML metadata URL or a Base64 document into a SAML configuration.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Parses metadata Base64 document to SAML configuration.
data "cyral_saml_configuration" "some_data_source_name" {
  base_64_saml_metadata_document = "some_metadata_base_64_document"
}

# Parses metadata URL to SAML configuration.
data "cyral_saml_configuration" "some_data_source_name" {
  saml_metadata_url = "some_metadata_url"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `base_64_saml_metadata_document` (String) (Required unless using `saml_metadata_url`) This is the full SAML metadata document that should be used to parse a SAML configuration, Base64 encoded.
- `saml_metadata_url` (String) (Required unless using `base_64_saml_metadata_document`) This is the full SAML metadata URL we should use to parse to a SAML configuration.

### Read-Only

- `allowed_clock_skew` (Number) Clock skew in seconds that is tolerated when validating identity provider tokens. Default value is `0`.
- `back_channel_supported` (Boolean) Defaults to `false` if unset.
- `disable_force_authentication` (Boolean) Indicates whether the identity provider must authenticate the presenter directly rather than rely on a previous security context.
- `disable_post_binding_authn_request` (Boolean) Indicates whether the AuthnRequest must be sent using `HTTP-POST` binding. If `true`, `HTTP-REDIRECT` binding will be used.
- `disable_post_binding_logout` (Boolean) Indicates whether to respond to requests using `HTTP-POST` binding. If `true`, `HTTP-REDIRECT` binding will be used.
- `disable_post_binding_response` (Boolean) Indicates whether to respond to requests using `HTTP-POST` binding. If `true`, `HTTP-REDIRECT` binding will be used.
- `disable_using_jwks_url` (Boolean) By default, the jwks URL is used for all SAML connections.
- `disable_validate_signature` (Boolean) Enable/Disable signature validation of SAML responses. Highly recommended for minimum security.
- `disable_want_assertions_signed` (Boolean) Indicates whether the service provider expects a signed Assertion.
- `disable_want_authn_requests_signed` (Boolean) Indicates whether the identity provider expects a signed AuthnRequest.
- `gui_order` (String) GUI order.
- `hide_on_login_page` (Boolean) Defaults to `false` if unset.
- `id` (String) Computed ID for this resource (locally computed to be used in Terraform state).
- `ldap_group_attribute` (String) Type of `LDAP Group RDN` that identifies the name of a group within a DN. For example, if an LDAP DN sent in a SAML assertion is `cn=Everyone`, `ou=groups`, `dc=openam`, `dc=forgerock`, `dc=org` and the `LDAP Group RDN` Type is `cn` Cyral will interpret `Everyone` as the group name.
- `name_id_policy_format` (String) Defaults to `urn:oasis:names:tc:SAML:1.1:nameid-format:unspecified` if unset.
- `principal_type` (String) Defaults to `SUBJECT` if unset.
- `saml_xml_key_name_tranformer` (String) Defaults to `KEY_ID` if unset.
- `signature_type` (String) Defaults to `RSA_SHA256` if unset.
- `signing_certificate` (String) Signing certificate used to validate signatures. Required if signature validation is enabled.
- `single_logout_service_url` (String) URL that must be used to send logout requests.
- `single_sign_on_service_url` (String) URL that must be used to send authentication requests (SAML AuthnRequest).
- `sync_mode` (String) Defaults to `FORCE` if unset.
- `want_assertions_encrypted` (Boolean) Indicates whether the service provider expects an encrypted Assertion.
- `xml_sig_key_info_key_name_transformer` (String) Defaults to `KEY_ID` if unset.


