---
page_title: "Cyral Terraform Provider V3 Migration Guide"
---

This guide will take you through the steps required to upgrade your Cyral Terraform provider
to MAJOR version 4. The Terraform migration can be performed on any Cyral Terraform provider with
version `2.x` or `3.x`.
The migration will be handled by an interactive Bash script.

## Why Migration is Required

Cyral Terraform Provider V4 Migration is required once a Cyral Control Plane (CP) has been upgraded to MAJOR version 4.
Major version 4 introduces breaking changes to Cyral's repositories and repository bindings. It also
introduces the concept of sidecar listeners, which are now separate from repository bindings.
The Terraform migration is needed to import these newly migrated resources into your Terraform state and
configuration files.

## Data sources

The `cyral_repository` data source output contains breaking changes. Please note that if you have any output blocks configured
for `cyral_repository` data sources, you will need to rewrite them after the migration is completed.

### Migrating from 3.X to 4.0

The following steps should be taken to upgrade the Cyral CP and the Cyral Terraform provider:

1. **Before upgrading the CP to V3**, please run `terraform apply` to ensure your Terraform state is up-to-date.

2. Upgrade the Cyral CP to MAJOR version 4.

3. Remove all `cyral_repository` data source output blocks. If you have any output blocks configured
   for cyral_repository data sources, you will need to rewrite them based on the new schema after
   migration is completed.

4. Perform the Cyral Terraform Provider V4 Migration after upgrading the Cyral CP to MAJOR version 3.

It is essential that the Cyral Terraform Provider V4 Migration is run **after** the CP has been upgraded.

### Migrating from 2.X to 4.0

The following steps should be taken to upgrade the Cyral CP and the Cyral Terraform provider:

1. **Before upgrading the CP to V4**, please run `terraform apply` to ensure your Terraform state is up-to-date.

2. Upgrade the Cyral CP to MAJOR version 4.

3. Remove all `cyral_repository` data source output blocks. If you have any output blocks configured
   for cyral_repository data sources, you will need to rewrite them based on the new schema after
   migration is completed.

4. Run the Cyral Terraform Provider V2.X-V4 Migration Script after upgrading the Cyral CP to MAJOR version 4.

It is essential that the Cyral Terraform Provider V4 Migration is run **after** the CP has been upgraded.

## Prerequisites

The Cyral Terraform Provider V3 Migration requires the following tools:

- Terraform CLI. Download instructions can be found [here](https://learn.hashicorp.com/tutorials/terraform/install-cli).

- JQ. Download instructions can be found [here](https://stedolan.github.io/jq/download/).

The script will exit if either of these tools are not installed.

## Notes

1. This script requires permissions sufficient for creating files. Please ensure that the script has the required permissions before running it.

2. This script will append empty resource definitions to the end of your .tf file. Apart from that, it will not modify the resource definitions
   currently in your .tf file in any way. However, it will ask you to manually bump the Cyral Provider version halfway through the script.
   It will also ask you to manually remove both the empty resource definitions it appended to your .tf file, as well as all resource definitions
   for resources that are no longer supported.

3. Please carefully read all of the prompts that appear throughout the script.

## Running the Script

Cyral Terraform Provider **V3 to V4 Migration** script can be found [here](https://github.com/cyralinc/terraform-provider-cyral/tree/main/scripts/4.0-migration.sh).

Cyral Terraform Provider **V2 to V4 Migration** script can be found [here](https://github.com/cyralinc/terraform-provider-cyral/tree/main/scripts/4.0-migration.sh).

These scripts will create a backup of your Terraform state before attempting to upgrade your Cyral Terraform provider and performing the migration.
If migration fails, you will have the option to revert to the Terraform state that was present before running the script, so that you can try again.

In order to run the script, please perform the following actions:

1.  Download the script and copy it into the directory containing the Terraform module you wish to migrate.

2.  Run the migration script (_make sure the script has the required permissions as mentioned_). Please read all instructions carefully while interacting with the script.

3.  If migration failed, follow the prompts in the script to revert back to the previous state. Inspect the errors, and try again.

## Troubleshooting

If migration failed for one or two resources, do the following.

1.  Revert to the previous state by following the prompts at the end of the migration script.
2.  Manually remove the problematic resources from your .tf file, and copy them elsewhere.
3.  Run the migration script again.
4.  Once the script is finished, recreate the problematic resources using the new resource schema.
