# cyral_access_token_settings (Resource)

Manages the access token settings. See also the data source [`cyral_access_token_settings`](../data-source/access_token_settings.md).

-> **Note** The deletion of this terraform resource will reset the access token settings to their corresponding default values.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "cyral_access_token_settings" "current" {
  max_validity = "72000s"
  default_validity = "36000s"
  max_number_of_tokens_per_user = 3
  offline_token_validation = true
  token_length = 16
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->

## Schema

### Optional

-   `default_validity` (String) The default duration used for access token validity. Defaults to `36000s`. Should follow the protobuf duration string format, which corresponds to a sequence of decimal numbers suffixed by a 's' at the end, representing the duration in seconds. For example: `300s`, `60s`, `10.50s`, etc.
-   `max_number_of_tokens_per_user` (Number) The maximum number of access tokens that a user can have at the same time. Must be between `1` and `5` (inclusive). Defaults to `3`.
-   `max_validity` (String) The maximum duration that a user can request for access token validity. Defaults to `36000s`. Should follow the protobuf duration string format, which corresponds to a sequence of decimal numbers suffixed by a 's' at the end, representing the duration in seconds. For example: `300s`, `60s`, `10.50s`, etc.
-   `offline_token_validation` (Boolean) The configuration that determines if the sidecar should perform access token validation independently using cached token values. If this is `true`, the sidecar will be able to validate and authenticate database access even when it cannot reach the Control Plane. Defaults to `true`.
-   `token_length` (Number) The number of characters of the access token plaintext value. Valid values are `8`, `12` and `16`. Defaults to `16`.

### Read-Only

-   `id` (String) The resource identifier. It's set as `settings/access_token`.
