---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "cyral_integration_logs Resource - cyral"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages Integrations with log services.
---

# cyral_integration_logs (Resource)

Manages Integrations with log services.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `config_scheme` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Config option for your integration. List of supported types: 
  - `cloud_watch`
  - `datadog`
  - `elk`
  - `splunk`
  - `sumo_logic`
  - `fluentbit` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config_scheme))
- `name` (String) The name of the logging integration config.

### Optional

- `receive_audit_logs` (Boolean) Whether or not Cyral audit logs should be forwarded to this logging integration.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the logging integration.

<a id="nestedblock--config_scheme"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config_scheme`

Optional:

- `cloud_watch` (Block Set, Max: 1) Represents the configuration data required for the `AWS` CloudWatch log management system. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config_scheme--cloud_watch))
- `datadog` (Block Set, Max: 1) Represents the configuration data required for the Datadog's log management system. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config_scheme--datadog))
- `elk` (Block Set, Max: 1) Represents the configuration data required for the ELK stack log management system. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config_scheme--elk))
- `fluentbit` (Block Set, Max: 1) Represents a custom Fluent Bit configuration which will be utilized by the sidecar's log shipper. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config_scheme--fluentbit))
- `splunk` (Block Set, Max: 1) Represents the configuration data required for the Splunk log management system. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config_scheme--splunk))
- `sumo_logic` (Block Set, Max: 1) Represents the configuration data required for the Sumo Logic log management system. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config_scheme--sumo_logic))

<a id="nestedblock--config_scheme--cloud_watch"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config_scheme.cloud_watch`

Required:

- `group` (String) The CloudWatch log group.
- `region` (String) The AWS region.
- `stream` (String) The CloudWatch log stream.


<a id="nestedblock--config_scheme--datadog"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config_scheme.datadog`

Required:

- `api_key` (String) The DataDog API key.


<a id="nestedblock--config_scheme--elk"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config_scheme.elk`

Required:

- `es_url` (String) The Elasticsearch URL.

Optional:

- `es_credentials` (Block Set, Max: 1) Object to comport Elastic Search credentials (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config_scheme--elk--es_credentials))
- `kibana_url` (String) The Kibana URL.

<a id="nestedblock--config_scheme--elk--es_credentials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config_scheme.elk.es_credentials`

Optional:

- `password` (String) The Elasticsearch password.
- `username` (String) The Elasticsearch username.



<a id="nestedblock--config_scheme--fluentbit"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config_scheme.fluentbit`

Required:

- `config` (String) The Fluent Bit configuration, in 'classic mode' INI format. For more details, see: https://docs.fluentbit.io/manual/administration/configuring-fluent-bit/classic-mode/configuration-file


<a id="nestedblock--config_scheme--splunk"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config_scheme.splunk`

Required:

- `access_token` (String) The Splunk access token.
- `hec_port` (String) The Splunk HTTP Event Collector (HEC) port.
- `host` (String) The Splunk hostname.
- `use_tls` (Boolean) Whether or not to use TLS.

Optional:

- `index` (String) The Slunk index.


<a id="nestedblock--config_scheme--sumo_logic"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config_scheme.sumo_logic`

Required:

- `address` (String) The Sumo Logic HTTP collector address. A full URL is expected


