# cyral_integration_idp_saml_draft (Resource)

Manages SAML IdP integration drafts.

See also the remaining SAML-related resources and data sources.

~> If using this resource in conjunction with
`cyral_integration_idp_saml`, please see the note at the beginning of
[cyral_integration_idp_saml](./integration_idp_saml.md).

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "cyral_integration_idp_saml_draft" "example_draft" {
  display_name = "example-okta-integration"
  idp_type     = "okta"
  attributes {
    first_name = "some-first-name"
    last_name  = "some-last-name"
    email      = "some-email"
    groups     = "some-group"
  }
  disable_idp_initiated_login = false
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->

## Schema

### Required

-   `display_name` (String) Display name used in the Cyral control plane.

### Optional

-   `attributes` (Block Set, Max: 1) SAML Attribute names for the identity attributes required by the Cyral SP. Each attribute name MUST be at least 3 characters long. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--attributes))
-   `disable_idp_initiated_login` (Boolean) Whether or not IdP-Initiated login should be disabled for this generic SAML integration draft. Defaults to `false`.
-   `idp_type` (String) Identity provider type. The value provided can be used as a filter when retrieving SAML integrations. See data source `cyral_integration_idp_saml`.

### Read-Only

-   `id` (String) ID of this resource in the Cyral environment.
-   `service_provider_metadata` (Set of Object) The SP Metadata fields describing the Cyral service provider for this integration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--service_provider_metadata))
-   `sp_metadata` (String, Deprecated) The SP Metadata document describing the Cyral service provider for this integration.

<a id="nestedblock--attributes"></a>

### Nested Schema for `attributes`

Optional:

-   `email` (String) The name of the attribute in the incoming SAML assertion containing the users email address. Defaults to `email`.
-   `first_name` (String) The name of the attribute in the incoming SAML assertion containing the users first name (given name). Defaults to `firstName`.
-   `groups` (String) The name of the attribute in the incoming SAML assertion containing the users group membership in the IdP. Defaults to `memberOf`.
-   `last_name` (String) The name of the attribute in the incoming SAML assertion containing the users last name (family name). Defaults to `lastName`.

<a id="nestedatt--service_provider_metadata"></a>

### Nested Schema for `service_provider_metadata`

Read-Only:

-   `assertion_consumer_services` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--service_provider_metadata--assertion_consumer_services))
-   `entity_id` (String)
-   `single_logout_url` (String)
-   `url` (String)
-   `xml_document` (String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--service_provider_metadata--assertion_consumer_services"></a>

### Nested Schema for `service_provider_metadata.assertion_consumer_services`

Read-Only:

-   `index` (Number)
-   `url` (String)
