---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "cyral_repository_conf_analysis Resource - cyral"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages Repository Analysis Configuration. This resource allows configuring both Log Settings https://cyral.com/docs/manage-repositories/repo-log-volume and Advanced settings https://cyral.com/docs/manage-repositories/repo-advanced-settings (Logs, Alerts, Analysis and Enforcement) configurations for Data Repositories.
---

# cyral_repository_conf_analysis (Resource)

Manages Repository Analysis Configuration. This resource allows configuring both [Log Settings](https://cyral.com/docs/manage-repositories/repo-log-volume) and [Advanced settings](https://cyral.com/docs/manage-repositories/repo-advanced-settings) (Logs, Alerts, Analysis and Enforcement) configurations for Data Repositories.

## Example Usage

```terraform
### All Config enabled
resource "cyral_repository_conf_analysis" "all_conf_analysis_enabled" {
  repository_id = cyral_repository.SOME_REPOSITORY_RESOURCE_NAME.id
  redact = "all"
  alert_on_violation = true
  disable_pre_configured_alerts = false
  block_on_violation = true
  disable_filter_analysis = false
  enable_dataset_rewrites = true
  enable_data_masking = true
  comment_annotation_groups = [ "identity" ]
  log_groups = [ "everything" ]
}

### All Config disabled
resource "cyral_repository_conf_analysis" "all_conf_analysis_disabled" {
  repository_id = cyral_repository.SOME_REPOSITORY_RESOURCE_NAME.id
  redact = "none"
  alert_on_violation = false
  disable_pre_configured_alerts = true
  block_on_violation = false
  disable_filter_analysis = true
  enable_dataset_rewrites = false
  enable_data_masking = false
  comment_annotation_groups = []
  log_groups = []
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->

## Schema

### Required

- `repository_id` (String) The ID of an existing data repository resource that will be configured.

### Optional

- `alert_on_violation` (Boolean) If set to `true` it will enable alert on policy violations.
- `block_on_violation` (Boolean) If set to `true` it will enable query blocking in case of a policy violation.
- `comment_annotation_groups` (Set of String) Valid values are: `identity`, `client`, `repo`, `sidecar`. The default behavior is to set only the `identity` when this option is enabled, but you can also opt to add the contents of `client`, `repo`, `sidecar` logging blocks as query comments. [Learn more](https://support.cyral.com/support/solutions/articles/44002218978).
- `disable_filter_analysis` (Boolean) If set to `true` it will _disable_ filter analysis.
- `disable_pre_configured_alerts` (Boolean) If set to `true` it will _disable_ preconfigured alerts.
- `enable_data_masking` (Boolean) If set to `true` it will allow policies to force the masking of specified data fields in the results of queries. [Learn more](https://cyral.com/docs/using-cyral/masking/).
- `enable_dataset_rewrites` (Boolean) If set to `true` it will enable rewriting queries on violations.
- `log_groups` (Set of String) Responsible for configuring the Log Settings. Valid values are documented below. The `log_groups` list support the following values:
  - `everything` - Enables all the Log Settings.
  - `dql` - Enables the `DQLs` setting for `all requests`.
  - `dml` - Enables the `DMLs` setting for `all requests`.
  - `ddl` - Enables the `DDLs` setting for `all requests`.
  - `sensitive & dql` - Enables the `DQLs` setting for `logged fields`.
  - `sensitive & dml` - Enables the `DMLs` setting for `logged fields`.
  - `sensitive & ddl` - Enables the `DDLs` setting for `logged fields`.
  - `privileged` - Enables the `Privileged commands` setting.
  - `port-scan` - Enables the `Port scans` setting.
  - `auth-failure` - Enables the `Authentication failures` setting.
  - `full-table-scan` - Enables the `Full scans` setting.
  - `violations` - Enables the `Policy violations` setting.
  - `connections` - Enables the `Connection activity` setting.
  - `sensitive` - Log all queries manipulating sensitive fields (watches)
  - `data-classification` - Log all queries whose response was automatically classified as sensitive (credit card numbers, emails and so on).
  - `audit` - Log `sensitive`, `DQLs`, `DDLs`, `DMLs` and `privileged`.
  - `error` - Log analysis errors.
  - `new-connections` - Log new connections.
  - `closed-connections` - Log closed connections.
- `redact` (String) Valid values are: `all`, `none` and `watched`. If set to `all` it will enable the redact of all literal values, `none` will disable it, and `watched` will only redact values from tracked fields set in the Datamap.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) ID of this resource in Cyral environment
