---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "cyral_repository_network_access_policy Resource - cyral"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages the network access policy of a repository. Network access policies are also known as the Network Shield https://cyral.com/docs/manage-repositories/network-shield/. This feature is supported for the following repository types:
    - sqlserver
    - oracle
---

# cyral_repository_network_access_policy (Resource)

Manages the network access policy of a repository. Network access policies are also known as the [Network Shield](https://cyral.com/docs/manage-repositories/network-shield/). This feature is supported for the following repository types:

- `sqlserver`
- `oracle`

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->

## Schema

### Required

- `repository_id` (String) ID of the repository for which to configure a network access policy.

### Optional

- `enabled` (Boolean) Is the network access policy enabled?
- `network_access_rule` (Block Set) Network access policy that decides whether access should be granted based on a set of rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--network_access_rule))
- `network_access_rules_block_access` (Boolean) Determines what happens if an incoming connection matches one of the rules in `network_access_rule`. If set to true, the connection is blocked if it matches some rule (and allowed otherwise). Otherwise set to false, the connection is allowed only if it matches some rule.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) ID of this resource in the Cyral environment.

<a id="nestedblock--network_access_rule"></a>

### Nested Schema for `network_access_rule`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the rule.

Optional:

- `db_accounts` (List of String) Specify which accounts this rule applies to. The account name must match an existing account in your database. See also [cyral_repository_local_account](./repository_local_account.md).
- `description` (String) Description of the network access policy.
- `source_ips` (List of String) Specify IPs to restrict the range of allowed IP addresses for this rule.
