# cyral_repository_conf_auth (Resource)

Manages Repository Analysis Configuration. This resource allows configuring both [Log Settings](https://cyral.com/docs/manage-repositories/repo-log-volume) and [Advanced settings](https://cyral.com/docs/manage-repositories/repo-advanced-settings) (Logs, Alerts, Analysis and Enforcement) configurations for Data Repositories.

-> Import ID syntax is `{repository_id}`.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "cyral_repository_conf_auth" "some_resource_name" {
    repository_id = ""
    allow_native_auth = true
    client_tls = "enable|disable|enabledAndVerifyCertificate"
    identity_provider = ""
    repo_tls = "enable|disable|enabledAndVerifyCertificate"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->

## Schema

### Required

-   `repository_id` (String) The ID of the repository to be configured.

### Optional

-   `allow_native_auth` (Boolean) Should the communication allow native authentication?
-   `auth_type` (String) Authentication type for this repository. **Note**: `AWS_IAM` is currently only supported by `mongodb` repo type. List of supported values:
    -   `ACCESS_TOKEN`
    -   `AWS_IAM`
-   `client_tls` (String) Specifies whether the sidecar will require TLS communication with clients. Defaults to `"disable"`. List of supported values: "\n - `enable`\n - `disable`"
-   `identity_provider` (String) The semantics of this field changed in control planes `v4.13` and later. See how it should be configured depending on your control plane version:
    -   `v4.12` and below:
        -   Provide the ID (Alias) of the identity provider integration to allow user authentication using an IdP.
    -   `v4.13` and later:
        -   If not supplied, then end-user authentication is disabled.
        -   If end-user authentication with Cyral Access Token is desired, then set to `ACCESS_TOKEN` or any other non-empty string.
        -   If end-user authentication with AWS IAM is desired, then this must be the ID of an AWS IAM integration, and the `auth_type` attribute must be set to `AWS_IAM`.
-   `repo_tls` (String) Specifies whether the sidecar will communicate with the repository using TLS. Defaults to `"disable"`. List of supported values: "\n - `enable`\n - `enableAndVerifyCert`\n - `disable`"

### Read-Only

-   `id` (String) The ID of this resource is set to `repository_id`.
