---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "cyral_service_account Resource - terraform-provider-cyral"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a Cyral Service Account (A.k.a: Cyral API Access Key https://cyral.com/docs/api-ref/api-intro/#api-access-key).
---

# cyral_service_account (Resource)

Manages a Cyral Service Account (A.k.a: [Cyral API Access Key](https://cyral.com/docs/api-ref/api-intro/#api-access-key)).

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->

## Schema

### Required

- `display_name` (String) The service account display name.
- `permissions` (Block Set, Min: 1, Max: 1) A block responsible for configuring the service account permissions. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--permissions))

### Read-Only

- `client_id` (String) The service account client ID.
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) The service account client secret. **Note**: This resource is not able to recognize changes to the client secret after its creation, so keep in mind that if the client secret is rotated, the value present in this attribute will be outdated. If you need to rotate the client secret it's recommended that you recreate this terraform resource.
- `id` (String) The resource identifier. It's equal to `client_id`.

<a id="nestedblock--permissions"></a>

### Nested Schema for `permissions`

Optional:

- `approval_management` (Boolean) Allows approving or denying approval requests on Cyral Control Plane. Defaults to `false`.
- `modify_integrations` (Boolean) Allows modifying integrations on Cyral Control Plane. Defaults to `false`.
- `modify_policies` (Boolean) Allows modifying policies on Cyral Control Plane. Defaults to `false`.
- `modify_roles` (Boolean) Allows modifying roles on Cyral Control Plane. Defaults to `false`.
- `modify_sidecars_and_repositories` (Boolean) Allows modifying sidecars and repositories on Cyral Control Plane. Defaults to `false`.
- `modify_users` (Boolean) Allows modifying users on Cyral Control Plane. Defaults to `false`.
- `repo_crawler` (Boolean) Allows running the Cyral repo crawler data classifier and user discovery. Defaults to `false`.
- `view_audit_logs` (Boolean) Allows viewing audit logs on Cyral Control Plane. Defaults to `false`.
- `view_datamaps` (Boolean) Allows viewing datamaps on Cyral Control Plane. Defaults to `false`.
- `view_integrations` (Boolean) Allows viewing integrations on Cyral Control Plane. Defaults to `false`.
- `view_policies` (Boolean) Allows viewing policies on Cyral Control Plane. Defaults to `false`.
- `view_roles` (Boolean) Allows viewing roles on Cyral Control Plane. Defaults to `false`.
- `view_users` (Boolean) Allows viewing users on Cyral Control Plane. Defaults to `false`.
