---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "cyral_sidecar Resource - cyral"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages sidecars https://cyral.com/docs/sidecars/sidecar-manage.
---

# cyral_sidecar (Resource)

Manages [sidecars](https://cyral.com/docs/sidecars/sidecar-manage).

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "cyral_sidecar" "some_resource_name" {
    name = ""
    deployment_method = "someValidMethod"
    labels = ["label1", "label2"]
    user_endpoint = ""
    bypass_mode = "failover"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->

## Schema

### Required

- `deployment_method` (String) Deployment method that will be used by this sidecar (valid values: `docker`, `cloudFormation`, `terraform`, `helm`, `helm3`, `automated`, `custom`, `terraformGKE`).
- `name` (String) Sidecar name that will be used internally in Control Plane (ex: `your_sidecar_name`).

### Optional

- `bypass_mode` (String) This argument lets you specify how to handle the connection in the event of an error in the sidecar during a user’s session. Valid modes are: `never`, `failover`, `always`. Defaults to `never`. If `never` is specified and there is an error in the sidecar, connections to bound repositories will fail. If `failover` is specified, the sidecar will run in [resiliency mode](https://cyral.com/docs/sidecars/sidecar-manage#resilient-mode-of-sidecar-operation). If `always` is specified, the sidecar will run in [passthrough mode](https://cyral.com/docs/sidecars/sidecar-manage#passthrough-mode).
- `certificate_bundle_secrets` (Block Set, Max: 1) Certificate Bundle Secret is a configuration that holds data about the location of a particular TLS certificate bundle in a secrets manager. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--certificate_bundle_secrets))
- `labels` (List of String) Labels that can be attached to the sidecar and shown in the `Tags` field in the UI.
- `user_endpoint` (String) User-defined endpoint (also referred as `alias`) that can be used to override the sidecar DNS endpoint shown in the UI.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) ID of this resource in Cyral environment

<a id="nestedblock--certificate_bundle_secrets"></a>

### Nested Schema for `certificate_bundle_secrets`

Required:

- `sidecar` (Block Set, Min: 1, Max: 1) Certificate Bundle Secret for sidecar. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--certificate_bundle_secrets--sidecar))

<a id="nestedblock--certificate_bundle_secrets--sidecar"></a>

### Nested Schema for `certificate_bundle_secrets.sidecar`

Required:

- `secret_id` (String) Secret ID is the identifier or location for the secret that holds the certificate bundle.
- `type` (String) Type identifies the secret manager used to store the secret. Valid values are: `aws` and `k8s`.

Optional:

- `engine` (String) Engine is the name of the engine used with the given secrets manager type, when applicable.
